# CS-255
Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
The client for this project was DriverPass. They noticed that the resources provided and around to help people pass their first driving test was subpar and led to a lot of people failing their driving tests at the DMV. Because of this they wanted to create a company that helps the customer complete tests and practice online as well as having access to driving instruction. 
What did you do particularly well?
I would say that my understanding of how to accomplish the diagrams have improved a lot because of this. I also have a better understanding of why it is important for us to complete activity, uml and other diagrams before starting code when applicable because it helps us get a better understanding of the requirements and how we wish to accomplish them. 
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? 
I would like to revise my use case diagram. I did change it for the final submission from my previous version of it, but I still feel like there were options to improve it. One of the main things was to improve the formatting so that it doesn’t feel like a lot of data was being crushed into one diagram. Also, I feel like I could add more details to some of the actors that I have present in the diagram. 
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
When I started creating any of the diagrams the most important part for me was to go over the user needs and ensure that I was meeting them. The way I would interpret the user’s needs was first getting that understanding of it and seeing how it would be implemented in my use case diagram. I felt that the use case diagram would serve as the framework for the entire project, so I wanted to ensure that I had each requirement in it. The reasoning the user needs were so important when designing the project is because even if the solution was a great piece of software if it didn’t meet the needs of our users, it would be useless. We need to ensure that what we were creating was of service to our users. 
How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
From this class I learned the importance of using a more varied approach to static testing. Understanding the requirements of the software and what our users need prior to trying to design it. Also, having a plan or an outline of how we want to accomplish the goals of our design. In the future I want to continue to improve my understanding and use of static testing so that prior to completing any code I have a good outline of how I want to proceed. 
